Collected small changes and fixes (#4357)
lammps/lammps: doc/src/Howto_chunk.rst

ID), or dynamic (e.g. what spatial bin an atom is in as it moves).

Note that this compute allows the per-atom output of other
:doc:`computes <compute>`, :doc:`fixes <fix>`, and :doc:`variables
<variable>` to be used to define chunk IDs for each atom.  This means
you can write your own compute or fix to output a per-atom quantity to
use as chunk ID.  See the :doc:`Modify <Modify>` doc pages for info on
how to do this.  You can also define a :doc:`per-atom variable

> <variable>` in the input script that uses a formula to generate a chunk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<variable>` in the input script that uses a formula that generates a chunk
```

Author: I think the original formulation is better here.
